README.md, before:

# Contraband Circus Website

[Contraband Circus website shown on different devices]()

Contraband Circus are an Arts & Entertainment company whose main focus is to put on various events where musical acts, and sideshow performances are bounded together with a circus theme.

## Visit the deployed site [Contraband Circus]()

## Table of Contents

1. [UX(User Experience)](#user-x)
    * [Project Goals](#project-goals)
    * [User Stories](#user-stories)

2. [Design](#design)
    * [Design Choices](#designchoices)
    * [Wireframes](#wireframes)

3. [Features](#features)

4. [Technology Used](#tech-used)

5. [Testing](#testing)

6. [Deployment](#deployment)

7. [Credits & Acknowledgements](#credits)

<a id="user-x"></a>
## User Experience (UX)

<a id="projectgoals"></a>
### Project Goals

* To build a fully functional website for Contrand Circus which prospective & past attendees can easily navigate to find out information about the company and their events. 

* From the perspective of the company, the aim is to promote future events & their roster, whilst also being able to sell tickets & merchandise. 

* To make the site appealing and enjoyable so that users will return to use the site more than once.

<a id="user-stories"></a>
### User Stories

#### First Time Visitor Goals

As a first time user...

*  I would like to be able to find my way around the site easily without any problems.
*  I would like to find out about who Contraband Circus are.
*  I would like to find the Social media links for Contraband Circus, so that I can see how established they are, and how many followers they have.

#### Returning User Goals

As a returning user...

*  I would like to find out what DJ's, bands & performers Contraband Circus book out, whilst being able to find audio or video for said acts.
* I would like to see where to buy event tickets & merchandise
* I would like to see photos and promotional flyers of previous events.

#### Frequent User Goals

As a frequent user...

* I would like to see if any events have been announced that I have not heard about yet.
* I would like to see if there is a newsletter that I can subscribe to to get regular updates about the company. 
* I would like to find out how to contact the Contraband Circus team.

<a id="design"></a>
## Design

<a id="designchoices"></a>
### Design Choices

* Color Scheme

I have chosen to use a color scheme of red, black and white as these are the colors primarily used in any artwork created for Contraband Circus.

* Typography

The font I have chosen to use is .... and I have chosen .... as a fallback font, in case the .... font does not display properly or display at all in the browser.

* Imagery

I have been authorised to use any previous art created used by Contraband Circus so I compiled a collection of their logos which will be used throughout the website. One of the logos will be turned into a banner which will be used on all of the web pages.

<a id="wireframes"></a>
### Wireframes

<a href="https://github.com/brianmeekle/milestone-project-1-NEW/blob/main/DESKTOP%20WireFrames.pdf">Desktop device wireframes.</a>

<a href="https://github.com/brianmeekle/milestone-project-1-NEW/blob/main/MOBILE%20WireFrames.pdf">Mobile device wireframes.</a>

<a href="https://github.com/brianmeekle/milestone-project-1-NEW/blob/main/TABLET%20WireFrames.pdf">Tablet device wireframes.</a>

<a id="features"></a>
### Features

<a id="tech-used"></a>
### Technology Used

<a id="testing"></a>
### Testing

<a id="deployment"></a>
### Deployment

<a id="credits"></a>
### Credits & Acknowledgements

Commit message:

added hex color codes to color scheme section of reade.md file

README.md, after:

# Contraband Circus Website

[Contraband Circus website shown on different devices]()

Contraband Circus are an Arts & Entertainment company whose main focus is to put on various events where musical acts, and sideshow performances are bounded together with a circus theme.

## Visit the deployed site [Contraband Circus]()

## Table of Contents

1. [UX(User Experience)](#user-x)
    * [Project Goals](#project-goals)
    * [User Stories](#user-stories)

2. [Design](#design)
    * [Design Choices](#designchoices)
    * [Wireframes](#wireframes)

3. [Features](#features)

4. [Technology Used](#tech-used)

5. [Testing](#testing)

6. [Deployment](#deployment)

7. [Credits & Acknowledgements](#credits)

<a id="user-x"></a>
## User Experience (UX)

<a id="projectgoals"></a>
### Project Goals

* To build a fully functional website for Contrand Circus which prospective & past attendees can easily navigate to find out information about the company and their events. 

* From the perspective of the company, the aim is to promote future events & their roster, whilst also being able to sell tickets & merchandise. 

* To make the site appealing and enjoyable so that users will return to use the site more than once.

<a id="user-stories"></a>
### User Stories

#### First Time Visitor Goals

As a first time user...

*  I would like to be able to find my way around the site easily without any problems.
*  I would like to find out about who Contraband Circus are.
*  I would like to find the Social media links for Contraband Circus, so that I can see how established they are, and how many followers they have.

#### Returning User Goals

As a returning user...

*  I would like to find out what DJ's, bands & performers Contraband Circus book out, whilst being able to find audio or video for said acts.
* I would like to see where to buy event tickets & merchandise
* I would like to see photos and promotional flyers of previous events.

#### Frequent User Goals

As a frequent user...

* I would like to see if any events have been announced that I have not heard about yet.
* I would like to see if there is a newsletter that I can subscribe to to get regular updates about the company. 
* I would like to find out how to contact the Contraband Circus team.

<a id="design"></a>
## Design

<a id="designchoices"></a>
### Design Choices

* Color Scheme

I have chosen to use a hex colours below as these are the colors primarily used in any artwork created for Contraband Circus.

Very Dark Red #3d0103
Dark Red #8f020b
Red #ed0216
Black #000000
White #fbfbfb
Grey #9f9999


* Typography

The font I have chosen to use is .... and I have chosen .... as a fallback font, in case the .... font does not display properly or display at all in the browser.

* Imagery

I have been authorised to use any previous art created used by Contraband Circus so I compiled a collection of their logos which will be used throughout the website. One of the logos will be turned into a banner which will be used on all of the web pages.

<a id="wireframes"></a>
### Wireframes

<a href="https://github.com/brianmeekle/milestone-project-1-NEW/blob/main/DESKTOP%20WireFrames.pdf">Desktop device wireframes.</a>

<a href="https://github.com/brianmeekle/milestone-project-1-NEW/blob/main/MOBILE%20WireFrames.pdf">Mobile device wireframes.</a>

<a href="https://github.com/brianmeekle/milestone-project-1-NEW/blob/main/TABLET%20WireFrames.pdf">Tablet device wireframes.</a>

<a id="features"></a>
### Features

<a id="tech-used"></a>
### Technology Used

<a id="testing"></a>
### Testing

<a id="deployment"></a>
### Deployment

<a id="credits"></a>
### Credits & Acknowledgements
